##Meetings

Monthly, we hold a meeting for the Tech Jam. This is to discuss changes, server, website, etc.
We also occaisonally hold these on IRC so keep a look out for that

Ocaisonally, we don't have these. We try to, but sometimes we can't

Minutes of every meeing will be hosted by [Harley Mayes](https://harleyyyyymayes.uk) [here](https://meetings.torbaytechjam.org.uk)
